Project Overview:
I am choosing Option A: The Network Navigator. In this project, I will address real-world challenge of modling complex relationships and finding optimal paths within a network similar to how nagivation systems like Google or Apple Maps or social networking applications like LinkedIn funciton. The core problem is implementing an efficient system to identify the fastest or critical path between two points or nodes in a weighted graph. 

A Graph data structure would be the most intuitive and efficient way to represent interconnected objects and their relationships. Each location in the network will be a vertex or node and the connections between them will be edges. For the implementation, Bellman-Ford algorithm will be used, priotizing simplicity and the ability to handle weighted edges.

UML Diagram:
I am attaching a picture of the UML diagram in a separate file in the same directory.

Big-O Expectations and Justification:
The efficiency of finding the shortest path is crusical for a Navigator system. I plan to use Bellman-Ford algorithm. Bellman-Ford algorithm is a single source shortest path algorithm that determines the shortest path from a starting vertex to all other vertices in a weighted graph. Its primary distinction from others is to handle graphs that contain negative edge weights. There is also Dijkstra's Algorithm which can be used in programs where time complexity is needed efficient. For Bellman-Ford algorithm, the Big-O complexity is O(VE) where V is the number of vertices or nodes and E is the number of Edges or connections in the graph. Bellman-Ford is robust because it can correctly compute the shortest paths even if some edge weights are negative. I am thinking of implementing a logistics route optimizer which models a supply chain network where costs fluctuate or incentives are offered. In a real world logistics system, pricing structures can be complex. Bellman-Ford correctly handles scenariosn where net negative costs like promotional credits or where a specific shipping route effectively pays the company to use it. It is also easier to implement Bellman-Ford as it requires only basic arrays/lists and nested loops. Also, Bellman-Ford algorithm would immediatly flag an error in pricing structure so it will be easier to debug if problems due to incorrect data arise. Although the time complexity of O(VE) is not very efficient, Bellman-Ford algorithm is very helpful in this scenario as the functionality of negative weight handling and cycle detetction is more important than the speed.
